- So let's find out how to chain the view resolvers
in your H+ application.
So what I'm going to do is, the resource bundle view resolver
that you have declared on line 65,
I'm going to shut that off.
I'm not going to use that one.
We'll just command it out.
Instead, I will use the XML View Resolver defined on line 58
so I'm going to uncommand 58 to 63,
and also the internal resource view resolver
is something that we want.
So lines number 29 to 36 I will uncommand again.
So now we have two view resolvers co-existing
in our application,
and we are going to employ a chaining mechanism for them.
You can do that by setting an order as we discussed in the
previous video.
How do we do that?
So let's come to line 33, press enter there,
and let's do that at the end.
So I'm going to go after 34,
and on line 35 let's grab that view resolver object
and there's a set order API to it.
Set the order of this one to 2.
I'll tell you why.
Let's come down,
go to the XML view resolver,
and on line 63 grab the view resolver
and set this order to 1.
Now the fundamental concept here is that
we know that if the XLM view resolver
is set to an order of 1,
this is the first resolver in chain
which is going to try to resolve the views
of your application.
If it fails, then internal resource view resolver
is going to come into action.
Now for this H+ application,
all of the views are definitely going to be resolved
by internal resource view resolvers,
because everything is mapped correctly.
But in the XML view resolver XML file,
that is views.xml, let's say you'll just have
four views defined here.
If you look at this file,
lines 9 to 23 define just four views.
You may have even the other views that could be a part
of the H+ application,
which are not right now configured here.
So we have to be safe, we have to make sure
that internal resource view resolver is definitely called
because that is definitely capable of resolving
all the views of your application.
So to demo this now,
what I'm going to do is
I will disable these view definitions
for the register page
and for the login page.
I'm going to command out lines 17 to 23.
Which means
the XML view resolver has got only two views
that it can resolve
for index jsp and for search jsp.
However, the internal resource view resolver
that is still in action will be able to resolve
every other view.
So when we run this application,
the first two, that is index and the search,
will be picked up by XML view resolver,
whereas the rest of the views should be picked up
by the internal resource view resolver.
Just remember here that internal resource view resolver
should always have a high order.
Because it is intending to represent a very explicit mapping
it will be able to resolve everything.
Okay?
So now let's go ahead,
build this, and see how this works.
Okay, so let's go to
our homepage.
Cool.
So we have index jsp and this was definitely resolved by the
XML view resolver.
It's already there.
And why do we know that XML resolver did it?
Because its priority is 1.
So it is the first resolver in chain,
which will try to resolve your views.
Now let's try the search link, let's go to the application.
This also was definitely resolved by the XML view resolver.
Now let's go to home again, and now let's go to login.
And do you see what happened?
It is successfully able to give me the login page.
This view has now been resolved by your
internal resource view resolver.
Observe.
In views XML we never had the view definition for login made
which means the XML resolver failed to resolve this view,
and that's why the responsibility was handed over to
internal resource view resolver,
which is second in the chain.
And that did the resolution for us.
Let's go and check the register.
Yes, that works well too.
So now these views are being resolved by the
internal resource view resolver.
So always remember this,
that your internal resource view resolver should have
a higher order,
which is intended to represent a very explicit mapping.
So that's all, that's how you can chain resolvers
and you can have multiple resolvers co-existing
in your application.